README.md, before:

eva
===

## Electronic Virtual Assist

EVA is an event driven and multi threaded system, that should allow native human interaction.


EVA is supposed to act in the real world and do other tasks you tell it to do.
I'm looking forward to write some Arduino code to serve a generic API to enable real world devices to "talk" to eva.


It has an understanding of contexts (well... not currently) and a variety of processors (also not yet :P), that are able
to act on what you've said before and who you're saying it to.


The goal I am trying to achieve is a machine, that is constantly listening to what you are saying, but only act on it
when you mean it, other than those voice assist systems on your smartphone that you have to invoce to listen and still
are quite dumb to when it comes to understanding context.


EVA is still in a very early development state.
I'm not a very experienced Java Developer and it's more of a proof of concept.


Still if you want to participate, go ahead! :)


## Current status of development:
I'm still putting together the bare basics.
eva currently can read and write to the console and even synthesise, what she wants to say.

Commit message:

Misc updates and added some generic Processor Modules

README.md, after:

eva
===

## Electronic Virtual Assist

EVA is an event driven and multi threaded system, that should be capable to interact with humen natively.


EVA is supposed to act in the real world and do other tasks you tell it to do.
I'm looking forward to write some Arduino code to serve a generic API to enable real world devices to "talk" to eva.


EVA has an understanding of contexts (well... not currently) and thinking modules (also not yet :P), that are able
to act on what you've said before and who you're saying it to.


The goal I am trying to achieve is a machine, that is constantly listening to what you are saying, but only act on it
when you mean it, other than those voice assist systems on your smartphone that you have to invoce to listen and still
are quite dumb to when it comes to understanding context.


EVA is still in a very early development state.
I'm not a very experienced Java Developer and it's more of a proof of concept.


Still if you want to participate, go ahead! :)


## Current status of development:
I'm still putting together the bare basics.
eva currently can read and write to the console and even synthesise, what she wants to say.
